add info re: new triage statuses (#1577)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-appsec-platform/jira.md

## Prerequisites

- The Jira integration is in **public beta** for all existing Semgrep AppSec Platform users.

> - You must have a **Jira Cloud** plan. Jira Data Center (self-managed or on-premise) is not supported.

Reviewer: @jsmoxon Please let me know if this is still up-to-date for June 26? Thank you!

Reviewer 2: Yes this is correct for June 26th. GA will be a few weeks after based on final feedback.

## Prerequisites

- The Jira integration is in **public beta** for all existing Semgrep AppSec Platform users.
- You must have a **Jira Cloud** plan. Jira Data Center (self-managed or on-premise) is not supported.

> - You must have at least one Jira project, which is where the tickets will be created.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You must have at least one Jira project to set as the default location where tickets will be created.
```

## Features

The Semgrep Jira integration provides the following capabilities:

- You can create tickets for findings from Semgrep Code, Supply Chain, and Secrets.

> - You can create a single ticket for multiple findings (up to 50) that were detected by a single rule, or create individual tickets per finding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You can create a single ticket for multiple findings (up to 50) that were detected by a single rule in the same project, or create individual tickets per finding.
```

> - These tickets can be created in **multiple Jira projects**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Tickets can be created in **multiple Jira projects** if manually specified at ticket creation time.
```

The way this is written right now might make it seem like you can do automatic project mapping (automatically choosing a Jira project based on the Semgrep project that the finding is in), which is not supported

1. Select the **Subdomain** for the Jira instance you want to use.
2. Select the **Default project** where the Jira tickets will be created.
3. Select the **Issue type** you want created with your Semgrep findings.
4. Optional: To see an example of the content Semgrep populates your Jira ticket with, click **See preview**.
5. Click **Save changes** to proceed.

![Jira configuration screen](/img/jira-subdomain.png#md-width)
_**Figure.** The Jira configuration screen._

### Automatic detection of other Jira projects

The Jira integration automatically detects other Jira projects in your subdomain if those projects have the same **Issue type** as the default project. [When you triage a finding](#code), you can choose which project to create the tickets in.

> :::caution Same name, different ID

Reviewer 4: We could also specify here that we specifically need the projects and issue types to be company-managed, not team-managed, for this to work https://support.atlassian.com/jira-software-cloud/docs/what-are-team-managed-and-company-managed-projects/

Reviewer: Good callout, thank you!

To create tickets:

<!-- vale off-->
1. If you're on the [**Findings**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings) page, select the findings for which you want tickets created; you can select and create tickets for individual findings or all findings for a given rule. Otherwise, proceed to step 2.
1. Click **Triage**.
1. Set the status to **Fixing** or **Reviewing**. Select **Fixing** if it is a known issue that needs to be fixed or **Reviewing** if the finding needs more investigation.
1. Select the **Create tickets...** checkbox.

>     1. Click the first drop-down list to choose between making a ticket for **groups of findings** or an individual ticket for **each finding**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    1. Optional: Click the first drop-down list to choose between making a ticket for **groups of findings** or an individual ticket for **each finding**.
```

>     1. Click the **JIRA project** drop-down list to select which Jira project to add the findings to.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    1. Optional: Click the **JIRA project** drop-down list to select which Jira project to add the findings to.
```

> 1. Optional: You can add **Comments** in the text box if you selected the **Reviewing** triage state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Optional: You can add **Comments** in the text box if you wish.
```

> 1. Click **Change status** to proceed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Click **Submit** to proceed.
```

To create tickets:

<!-- vale off-->
1. If you're on the [**Findings**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings) page, select the findings for which you want tickets created; you can select and create tickets for individual findings or all findings for a given rule. Otherwise, proceed to step 2.
1. Click **Triage**.
1. Set the status to **Open**, **Fixing**, or **Reviewing**. Select **Fixing** if it is a known issue that needs to be fixed or **Reviewing** if the finding needs more investigation.
1. Select the **Create tickets...** checkbox.
    1. Optional: Click the first drop-down list to choose between making a ticket for **groups of findings** or an individual ticket for **each finding**.
    1. Optional: Click the **JIRA project** drop-down list to select which Jira project to add the findings to.
1. Optional: You can add **Comments** in the text box.
1. Click **Submit** to proceed.
<!-- vale on -->

:::note

> Creating tickets for many findings at once may take some time. Tickets that take longer than 10 seconds to create are shown in Semgrep once you refresh the page.

Reviewer 3: Possibly worth adding a note that if ticket creation fails, Semgrep will automatically retry several times over the next day to provide robustness against outages and down time in 3rd-party-services.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/semgrep/semgrep-docs/assets/20766840/94b3a29a-7c07-472d-8a3d-93123ebba5fe)

To create tickets:

<!-- vale off-->
1. If you're on the [**Supply Chain > Vulnerabilities**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/supply-chain/vulnerabilities) page, select the findings for which you want tickets created. Otherwise, proceed to step 2.
1. Click **Triage**.
1. Set the status to **Fixing** or **Reviewing**. Select **Fixing** if it is a known issue that needs to be fixed or **Reviewing** if the finding needs more investigation.
1. Select the **Create tickets...** checkbox.
    1. Click the first drop-down list to choose between making a ticket for **groups of findings** or an individual ticket for **each finding**.
    1. Click the **JIRA project** drop-down list to select which Jira project to add the findings to.
1. Optional: You can add **Comments** in the text box if you selected the **Reviewing** triage state.

> 1. Click **Change status** to proceed.

Reviewer 3: Is it intended that this is repeating the same thing above? I have the same comments as above here.

Reviewer: Yup, updated both. Resolving.
